fix(style): Set prettier prosewrap to `preserve` to let authors write MD in their own style (#5722)
CloudFire-LLC/cloudfire: website/src/app/blog/enterprises-choose-open-source/readme.mdx

**Agility:** Closed-source software developers often start from scratch, and build their products in-house — a process that can take months or even years. Open source developers build and improve on existing code bases, which means it’s often more resilient and feature-rich than proprietary software.

**Community:** Developing open source software means having a relationship with a global community of developers — often working with contributors, responding to issues, or merging pull requests (PRs). This is a great way for organizations like [Firezone](https://github.com/firezone/firezone) to get direct feedback from their most enthusiastic users.

There aren’t many downsides to open source, and organizations increasingly publish their code for the reasons outlined above. That being said, the main reason not to open a project is when that project includes an organization’s “secret sauce” or other sensitive information that can lead to security issues or erode a competitive advantage.

#### The future is open source

> While open source may have gotten an [unconventional start](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open-source-software_movement#:~:text=Brief%20history,-Further%20information%3A%20Open&text=The%20label%20%22open%20source%22%20was,source%2Dcode%20release%20for%20Navigator.) from hackers, visionaries and technologists, the benefits are clear. It’s being used to modernize and standardize IT infrastructure, security, scalability, and application development. Open source is now a preferred development strategy for large and small organizations from cloud providers to security solutions and beyond.

Reviewer: Nit 
```suggestion
While open source may have gotten an [unconventional start](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open-source-software_movement#Brief_history) from hackers, visionaries and technologists, the benefits are clear. It’s being used to modernize and standardize IT infrastructure, security, scalability, and application development. Open source is now a preferred development strategy for large and small organizations from cloud providers to security solutions and beyond.
```

Firefox doesn't support those kinds of links (last time I checked anyway), and I'm guessing it will break if the text changes
